# Don Trabajo Artist Webpage
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/8EMmTS82AUw
#### Description:Submitted along with this README.md file is my Final Project for CS50! 
#### It is a musical artists webpage written with Flask using HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, PYTHON and an SQL database.
#### The purpose of the webpage is to give a nexus point for fans to access all available sources on the internet of the artist's work, 
#### as well as an opportunity for fans to subscribe to an email list for updates on the artist's goings on.

#### The nexus only requires one HTML page however more can be added over time if desired by use of layout.html as the base template to create the next pages from.

#### In the ~project/ file you will find a static and a template folder as well as application.py (python portion of project,
#### FinalProject.db (SQL database) and this README.md file.

#### Within the static folder you will find 75bpmIsh.mp3 and FinalProject.css.
#### The 75bpmIsh.mp3 file is an original unreleased audio track by the artist to offer fans something
#### special for visiting the page. This file is connected to an audio player inserted into the HTML file 
#### so fans can play the track by clicking on audio player.

#### The css file starts with code that defines the look of the buttons used to link over to the artist's
#### social media pages. After that is code to define the general look of the page. I wanted to keep fonts 
#### and colors simple to ensure that different PC's will be able to display desired design.

#### The layout.html file in the templates folder of course lays out the webpage format.
#### it begins with meta tags which ensure that the webpage will be successfully displayed on various
#### sized screens and devices. 
#### This is followed by a style tag which further defines the social media link buttons on the page.
#### At the top of the body tag is an h1 tag with jinja utilized for flashing a message generated by python after 
#### the user has submitted his/her email for artist updates at the bottom of the page. 
#### Under that is the Artists name and record label in a Golden color to pop against the dark 
#### background color.
#### Below that is an audio tag to display an audio player with controls which plays the 75bpmIsh.mp3 
#### file in the static folder.
#### Next is a div tag with an img of the artists EP album cover which acts as a link to a page
#### which has all music platform options available to listen the the EP.
#### Under that is a YouTube video player embedded with an example of a video on the artist's YouTube page.
#### Then we have buttons that are anchored to and link towards the appropo social media platform.
#### Finally we have a simple form for fans to enter their email to be mailed artist updates in the future.

#### In application.py we configure the application and establish a secret key in order to be able to 
#### flash a message after the fan has submitted his/her email.
#### Then we connect this flask app we've created to the FinalProject SQL database.
#### Finally we define the subscribe function in which we have the email address submitted by the fan
#### Inserted into our FinalProject database and redirected to the layout page with a nice friendly
#### green message flashed at the top of the page informing the user that his/her email has been registered.

#### Last but not least we have the FinalProject.db in which we have set up the Fans table which has
#### two elements, the user ID number and the user email address. The ID number is auto given to each email submitted.

#### The product of this work is a simple yet stylish webpage which gives fans multiple ways to enjoy the artists work 
#### and offers an opportunity to become part of a community with the inside scoop on the artist's activities. Thank you 
#### for taking the time to take a look at this work. SALUD!



